AI #1569: Adding File Naming and Headers Conventions (#1822)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: guidelines/markdownpp-guidelines.md

!INCLUDE "attributes/numeric_format.md"
```

### File Naming Conventions

To ensure consistency, ease of maintenance, and portability, all Markdown and MarkdownPP file names in the FOCUS Specification repository SHOULD follow these conventions:

- File names MUST use lowercase characters.
- Spaces or camelCase MUST NOT be used.

> - File names SHOULD remain stable after publication to maintain repository consistency and predictability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- File names SHOULD remain stable after publication to maintain repository consistency and external hyperlink integrity.
```

>   - If a file must be renamed, all affected `!INCLUDE` statements and build dependencies MUST be updated accordingly to avoid broken references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If a file requires a rename:
    - all affected `!INCLUDE` statements and build dependencies MUST be updated accordingly to avoid broken references.  
    - The FinOps Foundation staff MUST be notified in order to repair any hyperlink references to that file within Foundation assets.
```

<!-- Example: # Title becomes ### Title -->
```

### Header Conventions

FOCUS Specification relies on Markdown headers to define document structure, section numbering, and navigation. Consistent header usage is required to ensure predictable Table of Contents (TOC) generation and stable internal links.

#### Automatic Anchor Generation

> All headers appearing after the !TOC directive automatically receive an HTML anchor generated from the header text whereby the following applies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All headers appearing after the !TOC directive automatically receive an HTML anchor generated from the header text whereby the following applies:
```

- Anchor text is normalized to lowercase.
- Whitespace and the following characters are removed: `,` `-` `(` `)`.
- Other special characters such as `/`, `:`, `%`, `&`, `@` are preserved.
- Dots (.) are inserted between header levels to represent the full hierarchy of document sections.

> - Headers marked with `<!--SkipTOC-->` MAY appear in the document but will not be included in the Table of Contents, and no anchor will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Headers marked with `<!--SkipTOC-->` will appear in the document but will not be included in the Table of Contents, and no anchor will be created.
```
